                      Down the Rabbit-Hole
Rabbit with pink eyes ran close by her.
think it so VERY much out of the way to hear the Rabbit say to
but when the Rabbit actually TOOK A WATCH OUT OF ITS WAISTCOAT-
before seen a rabbit with either a waistcoat-pocket, or a watch to
down a large rabbit-hole under the hedge.
  The rabbit-hole went straight on like a tunnel for some way,
was another long passage, and the White Rabbit was still in
corner, but the Rabbit was no longer to be seen:  she found
It was the White Rabbit returning, splendidly dressed, with a
that she was ready to ask help of any one; so, when the Rabbit
sir--'  The Rabbit started violently, dropped the white kid
surprised to see that she had put on one of the Rabbit's little
                The Rabbit Sends in a Little Bill
  It was the White Rabbit, trotting slowly back again, and
  Very soon the Rabbit noticed Alice, as she went hunting about,
of which was a bright brass plate with the name `W. RABBIT'
messages for a rabbit!  I suppose Dinah'll be sending me on
by mice and rabbits.  I almost wish I hadn't gone down that
rabbit-hole--and yet--and yet--it's rather curious, you know,
stairs.  Alice knew it was the Rabbit coming to look for her, and
was now about a thousand times as large as the Rabbit, and had no
  Presently the Rabbit came up to the door, and tried to open it;
fancied she heard the Rabbit just under the window, she suddenly
  Next came an angry voice--the Rabbit's--`Pat! Pat!  Where are
  `Digging for apples, indeed!' said the Rabbit angrily.  `Here!
Bill!' then the Rabbit's voice along--`Catch him, you by the
  `We must burn the house down!' said the Rabbit's voice; and
began moving about again, and Alice heard the Rabbit say, `A
recognised the White Rabbit:  it was talking in a hurried nervous
She was walking by the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously
  `Hush!  Hush!' said the Rabbit in a low, hurried tone.  He
  `Did you say "What a pity!"?' the Rabbit asked.
  `She boxed the Queen's ears--' the Rabbit began.  Alice gave a
little scream of laughter.  `Oh, hush!' the Rabbit whispered in a
she first saw the White Rabbit.  She was a little nervous about
each side to guard him; and near the King was the White Rabbit,
she stopped hastily, for the White Rabbit cried out, `Silence in
  On this the White Rabbit blew three blasts on the trumpet, and
  `Not yet, not yet!' the Rabbit hastily interrupted.  `There's
  `Call the first witness,' said the King; and the White Rabbit
  The King looked anxiously at the White Rabbit, who said in a
  Alice watched the White Rabbit as he fumbled over the list,
Imagine her surprise, when the White Rabbit read out, at the top
the White Rabbit interrupted:  `UNimportant, your Majesty means,
the White Rabbit, jumping up in a great hurry; `this paper has
  `I haven't opened it yet,' said the White Rabbit, `but it seems
  `It isn't directed at all,' said the White Rabbit; `in fact,
  `No, they're not,' said the White Rabbit, `and that's the
  The White Rabbit put on his spectacles.  `Where shall I begin,
  These were the verses the White Rabbit read:--
  The long grass rustled at her feet as the White Rabbit hurried
